chore:Added CUDA docker file and build script (#403)
IBM/aihwkit: docs/source/advanced_install.rst

    $ export PYTHONPATH=`pwd`/src:$PYTHONPATH

CUDA-enabled docker image
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> # Get CUDA_ARCH for your GPU from `nvidia-smi`
> 
> ```bash
> export CUDA_ARCH=$(nvidia-smi --query-gpu=compute_cap --format=csv | sed -n '2 p' | tr -d '.')
> echo $CUDA_ARCH
> ```
> 
> # Build Image
> 
> ```console
> docker build \
> --tag aihwkit:cuda \
> --build-arg USERNAME=${USER} \
> --build-arg USERID=(id -u $USER) \
> --build-arg GROUPID=(id -g $USER) \
> --build-arg CUDA_ARCH=${CUDA_ARCH} \
> --build-arg CUDA_VER=11.7 \
> --build-arg UBUNTU_VER=22.04 \
> --build-arg PYTORCH_PIP_URL=https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu116 \
> --file CUDA.Dockerfile .
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to a regular install, a CUDA-enabled docker image can also be
built using the ``CUDA.Dockerfile`` included in the repository.

In order to build the image, first identify the ``CUDA_ARCH`` for your GPU
using from `nvidia-smi` in your local machine::

    export CUDA_ARCH=$(nvidia-smi --query-gpu=compute_cap --format=csv | sed -n '2 p' | tr -d '.')
    echo $CUDA_ARCH

The image can be built via::

    docker build \
    --tag aihwkit:cuda \
    --build-arg USERNAME=${USER} \
    --build-arg USERID=(id -u $USER) \
    --build-arg GROUPID=(id -g $USER) \
    --build-arg CUDA_ARCH=${CUDA_ARCH} \
    --build-arg CUDA_VER=11.7 \
    --build-arg UBUNTU_VER=22.04 \
    --build-arg PYTORCH_PIP_URL=https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu116 \
    --file CUDA.Dockerfile .

If building your image against a different CUDA or PyTorch version, please
ensure setting the build arguments accordingly.

```

Can you ensure there is a bit more context in the documentation, and using `.rst` syntax? Feel free to accept the suggested change directly!

Author: looks good. Sorry I didn't format it well.

Reviewer: No worries! `.rst` in particular is quite pesky :+1:
